README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

My name is Rick, and I started my coding journey in 2024, after an ADHD diagnosis that has changed my life.

I started out as a Typescript developer, briefly explored the Go ecosystem and then fell in love with Rust, which has been my main language ever since.

My main focus is on creating libraries and programs that bridge gaps between workflows and aim to improve development experience, maintainability and safety.

My most important project so far is [protify](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protify), which aims to transform the experience of working with protobuf in the Rust ecosystem. It generates entire protobuf packages from Rust code, and handles validation logic with a powerful and highly customizable validation framework.

The projects that I've worked on include:

- [sketch](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/sketch), a swiss-knife templating cli that can be used to reuse various kinds of templates and structures among different projects
- [proto-types](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/proto-types), a crate with a comprehensive set of implementations for well known proto types
- [protocheck](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protocheck), the first full protovalidate implementation in Rust, with full support for custom CEL-based rules and strenghtened compile-time checks for validation rules and expressions
- [protoschema](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protoschema), a library that uses declarative macros to generate protobuf files programmatically, using Rust code
- [protoschema-go](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protoschema-go), a library that generates protobuf files from Go code, with automatic consistency checks for sqlc database models
- [diesel-enums](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/diesel-enums), a library that provides seamless mappings between Rust enums and custom postgres enums or simple fixed lookup tables, with automatically generated consistency tests
- [querygen](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/querygen), a library that uses a simple schema to generate code for aggregated sqlite queries for sqlc
- [clipboard-watcher](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/clipboard-watcher), a library for monitoring the activity of the system clipboard, with customizable, performance-oriented settings
- [class-dict](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/class-dict), a small library to organize tailwind classes without losing your sanity
- [bool-enum](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/bool-enum), a crate to generate boolean-like enums in Rust that support all the bit operators (with an included trait for usage with generics)

## Support & Hiring

If you find my work valuable, please consider [sponsoring me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/Rick-Phoenix) to support continued development.

I am currently open to remote engineering roles (EU/US timezones) focused on Rust, backend systems, and developer tooling. If you are solving interesting problems in this space, [I'd love to chat](mailto:rick-phoenix@outlook.com)

Commit message:

Add merge-it library to README

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

My name is Rick, and I started my coding journey in 2024, after an ADHD diagnosis that has changed my life.

I started out as a Typescript developer, briefly explored the Go ecosystem and then fell in love with Rust, which has been my main language ever since.

My main focus is on creating libraries and programs that bridge gaps between workflows and aim to improve development experience, maintainability and safety.

My most important project so far is [protify](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protify), which aims to transform the experience of working with protobuf in the Rust ecosystem. It generates entire protobuf packages from Rust code, and handles validation logic with a powerful and highly customizable validation framework.

The projects that I've worked on include:

- [sketch](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/sketch), a swiss-knife templating cli that can be used to reuse various kinds of templates and structures among different projects
- [proto-types](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/proto-types), a crate with a comprehensive set of implementations for well known proto types
- [protocheck](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protocheck), the first full protovalidate implementation in Rust, with full support for custom CEL-based rules and strenghtened compile-time checks for validation rules and expressions
- [protoschema](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protoschema), a library that uses declarative macros to generate protobuf files programmatically, using Rust code
- [protoschema-go](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/protoschema-go), a library that generates protobuf files from Go code, with automatic consistency checks for sqlc database models
- [diesel-enums](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/diesel-enums), a library that provides seamless mappings between Rust enums and custom postgres enums or simple fixed lookup tables, with automatically generated consistency tests
- [querygen](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/querygen), a library that uses a simple schema to generate code for aggregated sqlite queries for sqlc
- [clipboard-watcher](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/clipboard-watcher), a library for monitoring the activity of the system clipboard, with customizable, performance-oriented settings
- [class-dict](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/class-dict), a small library to organize tailwind classes without losing your sanity
- [bool-enum](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/bool-enum), a crate to generate boolean-like enums in Rust that support all the bit operators (with an included trait for usage with generics)
- [merge-it](https://github.com/Rick-Phoenix/merge-it), an improved version of the `merge` crate

## Support & Hiring

If you find my work valuable, please consider [sponsoring me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/Rick-Phoenix) to support continued development.

I am currently open to remote engineering roles (EU/US timezones) focused on Rust, backend systems, and developer tooling. If you are solving interesting problems in this space, [I'd love to chat](mailto:rick-phoenix@outlook.com)
